{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18040\viewh11820\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rodda, E. (2001). 
\i The Forests of Silence
\i0 . New York, USA: Scholastic Inc.\
\

\i Deltora - a land of magic and monsters. 
\i0 (2017). Retrieved from http://www.scholastic.com/deltora/deltoraquest/index.htm\
\

\i Emily Rodda: The official website
\i0  (2017). Retrieved from http://www.emilyrodda.com/\
\
Vixen [Image] (2007). Retrieved from http://www.deviantart.com/art/Vixen-279114310\
\
Felix [Image] (2007). Retrieved from http://cathleentarawhiti.deviantart.com/art/Felix-667966643\
\
Rise a Knight [Image] (2007). Retrieved from http://phelandavion.deviantart.com/art/Rise-a-Knight-678905081\
\
Mark of the Shadow Lord, Deltora Quest [Image] (2012). Retrieved from http://wingedwarrior7.deviantart.com/art/Mark-of-the-Shadow-Lord-Deltora-Quest-320607631\
\
Hunzaker, N. (2012). 
\i jQuery Flicker
\i0 : 
\i Make things flicker like broken lightbulbs.
\i0  Retrieved from https://github.com/nhunzaker/jquery-flicker\
\
Tilli-CHILDStock [Image] (2015). Retrieved from http://bnspyrd.deviantart.com/art/Tilli-CHILDStock-Portrait-Bnspyrd-676026674\
\
LaViska, C. (2015, September 13). 
\i A clean fade-in effect for webpages
\i0 . Retrieved from https://www.abeautifulsite.net/a-clean-fade-in-effect-for-webpages}